{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99971\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13940\viewh14880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Swift Programming Language
\fs36 \
Language Guide:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 1. Basics Swift:\
	i.   Constants and Variables.\
	ii.   Type Annotations.\
	iii.  Naming Constants and Variables.\
	iv.  Printing Constants and Variables.\
	v.   Comments.\
	vi.  Semicolons.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb4 	vii. Type Safety and Type Inference.\
	viii. Type Ailases.\
	ix.   Booleans.\
{\listtext	x.	}Tuples.\
	xi.   Optionals.\
	xii.  Double.\
	xiii. Optional Binding.\
	xiv. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Logical AND Operator.\
	xv.   Logical OR Operator.\
	xvi. Combining Logical Operators.\
	xvii. Explicit Parentheses.\
\
2. String & Character:\
	i.     Character\
	ii.     String\
	iii.     Compare 2 String\
	iv.     String Mutability\
	v.      String Interpolation\
	vi.     Unicode\
	vii.     Comparing Strings\
	viii.    Prefix and Suffix Equality\
\
3. Collection Types:\
	i.     Array (insert, update, delete, iterating)\
	ii.    Set (insert, update, delete, iterating)\
	iii.   Dictionary (insert, update, delete, iterating)\
4. Control Flow:\
	i.     For-In Loops\
	ii.     While Loops\
	iii.    Repeat-While Loops\
5. Conditional Statements:\
	i.    Ternary Operator\
	ii.    If \'85 Else\
	iii.    Nested If \'85 Else\
	iv.    Switch \
	v.     Tuple Switch\
6. Function:\
	i.    Function declare & call\
	ii.   Parameter\
	iii.  Recursion\
\
7. Structures and Class:\
	i.    Class\
	ii.   Initializer\
	iii.  Struct\
8. Enum\
9. Closures\
10. Properties\
11. Methods\
12. Protocols\
13. Error Handling\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}